docs(lfx): make the LFX admin guide self-sufficient for new administrators (#1959)
cncf/mentoring: programs/lfx-mentorship/automation/ADMIN_GUIDE.md

5. **CNCF approval (you).** Once the above are green, you review the proposal and
   comment `/cncf-approve`. See [Reviewing and approving
   proposals](#reviewing-and-approving-proposals).
6. **Export (you).** You run the LFX Export workflow for the term and merge the
   PR it opens. See [Running the export](#running-the-export).
7. **Post to LFX and record URLs (you).** Once the term's programs are on the LFX
   platform, you comment `/lfx-url <url>` on each issue to record its link and
   advance its card, then merge the `chore: record LFX URLs` PR. See [After the
   export](#after-the-export).
8. **Track (you).** You move each card through the post-export board columns as
   its program progresses on LFX. See [Project board](#project-board).

Steps 2 through 4 need nothing from you. Your hands-on work is steps 5 through 8,
plus [opening](#opening-a-new-term) and [closing](#closing-a-term) each term.
Configuration (who can approve, per-project quotas, the term list) lives in
[a few YAML files](#managing-configuration).

---

## Getting started

Before you can administer the program, make sure you have:

- **Write access to `cncf/mentoring`.** Granted as part of standard CNCF

>   onboarding; it lets you run workflows, merge PRs, and manage issue labels.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Write access to `cncf/mentoring`.** It lets you run workflows, merge
  PRs, and manage issue labels.
```
